[IMP] point_of_sale: remove terminal configuration (#17135)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/payment_methods/terminals/worldline_axepta.rst

     :doc:`IoT system </applications/general/iot/connect>`.
   - Both Worldline and Axepta BNP Paribas are only available in **Belgium**, **the Netherlands**,
     and **Luxembourg** with Odoo.
   - Odoo is compatible with terminals that use the CTEP protocol (e.g., the **Yomani XR**,

>       **Yoximo**, **AXIUM5000** and **AXIUM8000** terminals). Contact the payment provider to confirm the terminal's compatibility if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      **Yoximo**, **AXIUM5000**, and **AXIUM8000** terminals). Contact the payment provider to confirm the terminal's compatibility if necessary.
```

>       **Yoximo**, **AXIUM5000**, and **AXIUM8000** terminals). Contact the payment provider to confirm the terminal's compatibility if necessary.

Reviewer 2: It's only cosmetic, but we have a [100-character limit](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_guidelines.html#th-character-limit) per line.

   - The configuration of Axepta BNP Paribas payment terminals is identical to that of Worldline terminals.

.. _pos/worldline/configuration:

Worldline/Axepta BNP Paribas configuration
==========================================

First, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration --> Settings`,
scroll down to the :guilabel:`Payment Terminals` section, and enable the Worldline or the Axepta BNP Paribas payment terminal.

> Then :doc:`connect the IoT system to Odoo </applications/general/iot/connect>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then :doc:`connect the IoT system to Odoo <../../../../general/iot/connect>`.
```
We try to use [relative links](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_guidelines.html#relative-links) :)

To configure the terminal, follow the next steps:

   #. Configure the CTEP protocol.
   #. Set the hostname to the :ref:`IoT's IP address <iot/connect/IoT-form>`.

>    #. Enter port number **9001** (if using an :doc:`IoT box </applications/general/iot/iot_box>`) or **9050** (if using a :doc:`Windows virtual IoT </applications/general/iot/windows_iot>`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. Enter port number `9001` (if using an :doc:`IoT box </applications/general/iot/iot_box>`) or `9050` (if using a :doc:`Windows virtual IoT </applications/general/iot/windows_iot>`).
```
We often use the [literal markup](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/rst_guidelines.html#technical-term-literal) when the user should enter a specific value

First, enable the Worldline or the Axepta BNP Paribas payment terminal in the :ref:`POS settings

> <pos/use/settings>` under :guilabel:`Payment Terminals`. Then :doc:`connect the IoT system to Odoo

Reviewer: We should end the paragraph here. Then, continue with the numbered list to avoid repeating the information (see next comment).

</applications/general/iot/connect>` and configure the terminal to use CTEP protocol, with hostname
setting set to the :ref:`IoT's IP address <iot/connect/IoT-form>` and port number 9001 (if using an :doc:`IoT box </applications/general/iot/iot_box>`)

> or **9050** (if using a :doc:`Windows virtual IoT </applications/general/iot/windows_iot>`)

Reviewer: This information looks like what features in th enumbered list; we can get rid of it and keep the numbered list instead.

#. **Terminal configuration**:

   #. Choose CTEP protocol.
   #. Set the hostname to the :ref:`IoT's IP address <iot/connect/IoT-form>`.
   #. Port number must be 9001 (if using an :doc:`IoT box </applications/general/iot/iot_box>`) or **9050** (if using a :doc:`Windows virtual IoT </applications/general/iot/windows_iot>`)

>    #. Reboot the terminal to apply settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Reboot the terminal to apply the settings.
```

     <pos/worldline/configuration>` the cashier terminal first.
   - To prevent connection loss, set a fixed IP address on the IoT Box’s router or :ref:`restart
     the virtual IoT server <iot/windows_iot/restart>`.
   - Only one terminal can be connected to an IoT Box.

>    - For **AXIUM5000** and **AXIUM8000** terminals you will need to contact your payment provider to configure the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For the configuration of the **AXIUM5000** and **AXIUM8000** terminals, contact your payment provider .
```
